# WebServer
This program is designed to function as a web-based e-commerce system. It contains various models for the different components of an online store, including Product, Order, OrderLine, and User. This is using the Model-View-Controller (MVC) pattern, which separates the system's data (the Model or the Db tables) from its presentation (the View or the Webserver itself) and its control logic (the Controller or the microservices).

The program also includes microservices that can access and modify information in a database, as well as a test framework that allows the user to test the functionality of these microservices. And you can test these microservices by using the TestClient and looking on the Webserver to see if it worked.

The user can interact with the program by accessing the web server and clicking on links to view information from the database, such as product listings and order histories. The microservices can be tested using a test client, which prompts the user to select a microservice and enter relevant information to test its functionality. These microservices being OrderInfoService, PriceUpdateService, QuantityUpdateService, UserPermissionsService, and a Login Authenticator service. The Product Info service allows you to look up products and their information in the db browser. The order info services allows you to look up orders and their information in the db browser. The product price update service allows you to update the price on whatever product you choose. The Product quantity Update service allows you to do the same, but with the quantity. The User login service allows you to lookup a username and its password to get the information on said user. Finally, the user order permissions service allows you to see if an order belongs to a customer with a certain username.

Overall, the program aims to provide a functional and user-friendly interface for managing an online store.